Oooo
Hey he pewdiepie
Best UiBoR to date
I have more followers
Today we will talk about broadcasters
Direct broadcast errors "Haha"
The thing I liked about live broadcast errors
Precisely it does not matter
One error, OK, one error and spoil the whole thing
He's high on the internet forever, and you'll regret it
Now I have not made any mistakes
I will not be so stupid
To do any error
Such as a pornographic film show
"Mission Failed"
first video
I adore this video
I adore this video a lot
It's my favorite
It's this girl who broadcasts "live broadcast"
Which is used to use the "WALKHAK"
And other programs for hacking and using Hack
Without knowing that the broadcast is under way
That the martyrs see
They see it using software
Let's watch
Oooh and Oooooooooo what is this!
The dreaded
She honestly does not just deny it
Very good in the game so much so she sees the health column automatically
And through the walls
These women are good at games
They can not help it
Why did you prepare for hell?
That's right, why are you packing?
I think this was the problem
Thank you very much Welcome to the empire My name is Miss "q gamiri"
The Empire
Frankly it bothers me that I speak this image
Because I used to be a member of this empire
My favorite empire
We try not to be weak
Using "Hack"
I try not to be weak in this game
So I'm pretty good at it "because you use the hack"
How to collect donations is not explicit
Of people
By cheating in the game
It bothers me a lot when cheating in the game
Oooh, you know what !! Retake my words
I would rather respect cheating in the game if ..
Disturb people
Their envy, somewhat understand it but when cheat to show that you are good
So just "stupid"
I can not stand this irony
From today and tomorrow
But my favorite part is when her colleagues reveal it
She tries to blame her friend for it
Look at her face
Yoo, friends do you show any strange mistake
Biodebay: Yoo, do you show that strange mistake?
When you see through the walls
For two full rounds
And not to ignore it,
But
Trying to act subject XD
I played the day before
I played the day before!
And now I have it
I do not know
He must have a virus somehow, proved himself
And you just did not see him
Girl: It's weird at Bidebay: Yeah it's weird
Ahh, wait what the hell
Biodebee: Uh, what the hell is this, OK?
Excuse number 2, please tell me
Girl: Clara Biodebay: Clara !! "Sarcastically"
Clara damned, I was telling you friends about her
For a long time, damn Clara can not be trusted
What to do !! Girl: Wait Clara
Give me again
Biodebee: Ok girl: What is this?
Girl: Hi Rock I want to help you because I do not know what to look at now *
Girl: What the hell is this
Girl: I want to talk to my girlfriend
I was in my house the day before
Biodipai: I liked Clara's comment this video Clara: I'm sorry
Yoo Rock! Do you remember when
When Clara is damned
Will kill this girl * Yasatar *
I was promised that she would not use this computer
Was here today and I was watching it * trying to act subject *
This is what happens when you make people use your computer
I can not trust them
Biodebay: It's very offensive to Clara, and now this damned girl
Girl: I think
Girl: I think this is all Biodebay: What's this!
Girl: Now I'll get out
Now my worst fear of live streaming is ..
Keep the broadcast from not knowing you
And later do something bad
Something you should not do, something not Christian
And all the people see, but this girl
Clearly this is falsified
It is very obvious when you see it
Girl: I think
Girl: I think that's all, I'll go ..
pewdiepie: .. Yes I think that's all, I am
I will go away
Girl: I'll log out now
Girl: And
Girl: I will rest and I will sleep a good sleep
Biodebay: I'll go away
I will sleep a comfortable sleep
And nothing, I will go and sleep!
I do not watch the broadcast
Biodebay: No masturbation
Girl: You guys
Ooh, wait I've noticed that this video request confirmation is age
That means if you publish what happened ..
My video will ask to confirm my age too, damn it
You can see it yourself the girl returns and play another game
silence
Ook but it's not just for women of course!
We have
This is a classic too!
This video did not ask confirm the age though
It's just funny when young people do it
Hello everyone how are you welcome
Ooh that the camera envisions
Look at the signal of his face
Ooh Camera Visualization
Hallelujah Did you see if you saw all this
Learn what, live streaming is not so bad
It's not as bad things happen
Wait! The invasion of houses was recorded with the camera
What ! Where people live in hell
what a hell
Biodepi: Oh my god
My God
The music is great too
Masoudi Maideri about the one who entered the house
Do you know the name of the song?
I like the rhythm of music
very good
I'm joking, I hope you're fine, I think it's okay
I filmed a video after that
At that time I did not know what was happening
They should have gone to the house next to me
They're probably behind the Utopiaar I think they're behind the money
It was very close
I think the car was very fast, I guess
I'm going to check
Maybe it's better if you bring a gun
Where is Nirvana, where is she?
This section somewhat bothers me
Because I do not really know what is going on there
But there was an incident and shooting in the neighborhood
It is just like giving me Nirvana and the pistol
Is this stupid did not hear the process of "raging"
Please, if you have a gun next to you you will be injured
It's a very stupid idea
Hold a pistol next to you during live broadcasts
Right? Am I the only one who thinks so
There is that audio file that represents ..
Really as someone hits the door next to you
If you have headphones you will feel 100 percent
Click here and you do this and look there
Then click here a bit
It's really like someone hitting the door there
It is a very real example
Some people abuse and annoy them
The reaction is just, very funny!
It's like the truth
Believe that one knock the door on him
But this person directly brings the gun
If I had a gun by my side to throw it away from me
Why everyone has a pistol at all
Damn ya man
Do you want to be injured? I do not understand you, man
He knew they were clicking on him
You have hidden me, man
Look at him
He has a gun next to him! Hey man you're in a live broadcast you can not do this!
I do not know why he bothers me
Have you not seen what happened to this person?
He had an injury between the eyes
O my God, man, why should I tell the people?
To do it correctly, oh my God!
Let's finish with this
This may be one of my favorites
Because it is very suspicious
This girl ..
I think the video here she was playing "Darc Sluss"
You can see the giant window there
And she was drunk and drank
for some reason
I do not know, I want to know why I did not understand
I decided to broadcast the broadcast
And walk astray
Using the infirmary
This is something I do not understand
First Shi, seeing a girl walking down stairs
He's not very attractive, OK
It's not always like, "Oh my god"
I can see a little of that ass
It is not so rude
I understand they can do it in live broadcasts
I sort of understand it, but walk the stairs
Not so rude, not sexy
But the thing here is that it's not just walking down the stairs
She walks using the infirmary
This is just not exciting
You look like a lagging behind, what are you doing!
why are you doing this!
If you watch this broadcast
I would say that is a girl with special needs
Are you trying to show us how difficult it is
Is this really everything?
How can they think?
Put a camera here
People will see me climb up
How does that have any logic, I do not understand!
I am very puzzled, but you continue to do so
Because of her friend "Soda Door"
Is this fake!
But I enjoy it a lot!
He enters like an angry man
How do I know that
I hope you will reconcile
I hope they solved their problems
In any case this is my best favorite mistake
I have a lot of mistakes, but I think the time we implemented
Not really, but we made it 10 minutes
It's time to go
Play some games
Thanks for watching
And the grip of the sisters, and I will see you tomorrow
In another video